# developing good habits for a better life and the rewards that come from it

> For the last month, I have been trying to figure out the best possible way to study for 10 hours a day while maintaining a healthy lifestyle after reading books, articles, and videos on Youtube on how to be productive. I found that the two best methods that work for me. 
> One of them is called habit stacking which I learned from Atomic habits written by James Clear.
 > For those who are not familiar with habit stacking, habit stacking is a technique developed by S.J. Scott. Essentially habit stacking is what it sounds. You follow habits that you want to put in place after completing the good habits you already have.
>    I wrote down all my morning habits: fixing the bed, a quick morning workout, and meditation. 
>    For example, I usually start procrastinating before studying because I do not want to study so early in the morning. Let's be honest we would rather all watch another episode of our favorite tv show. So after meditation, I started stacking other habits on top of it. The habits were turning my computer on, playing some lofi music, opening my work calendar, anki notes, and obsidian notes.  After having all these apps open, my brain said screw it and start working because you already open all your studying apps. 
>  The second technique was developing cues, craving, and response. The cue for studying was listening to dragon ball lofi music which led to my craving to study. The response was me studying. The reward? To be completely transparent, I am not sure what the reward is. It might be that I gain knowledge or that I felt productive putting in work. It could also be that with more knowledge comes perhaps more money. If I had to answer, I want to push my limits, reach my final form and reach my highest potential. Whenever I get old or die, I want to say I reached my highest potential and that it took everything that I had to get there. I would be lying to my readers if I did not mention the money, because yes, I want a life-changing wealth to visit different countries and cultures. 
